Update README to reflect tooling changes (#1471)
toitlang/toit: README.md

in `build/esp32/firmware.envelope`:

``` sh
make esp32 esptool
```

If you want to flash the generated firmware on your device, you can use the `firmware`
too. Internally, the `firmware` tool calls out to `esptool.py` so you need to build

> that first using 'make esptool'. Assuming your device is connected through `/dev/ttyUSB0`

Author: ```suggestion
that first using `make esptool`. Assuming your device is connected through `/dev/ttyUSB0`
```

```
{ "hello": {
    "kind" : "snapshot",

>     "id"   : "f0b7e859-9188-52d9-8be3-856bd0e75919",

Reviewer: That's not valid JSON.

Author: Good point.
